Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
- Welcome. Master Ip.
Master Hong.
Master Ip.
since ancient times.
every martial school
has had its own rules.
The rule of martial arts in Hong Kong is.
you have to pass the initiation test
before opening a martial arts school.
Please elaborate.
Three trials.
Pass them.
and all martial schools will recognize you
as the master of the Wing Chun school.
Fail.
and go back to Foshan!
The light shines on one's heart.
You show me some leniency.
and I'll return the favor.
The candles
must be kept lit.
The oil
must be kept contained.
Master Ip.
please.
That's a good rule.
If the light goes out or the oil spills.
you'll lose all your dignity.
I return the favor.
Good martial arts
isn't about whether you can see it or not.
Kung fu is learned through practice.
not just by watching.
Once you wear the blindfold.
no one can make excuses.
Master Chen.
thank you for your courtesy.
Please.
Incense marks the line.
Fire sets the limit.
Inheritance is the incense.
Rules are the boundary.
You're opening a martial arts school
to carry on this legacy.
But you can't claim the inheritance
without honoring the limits. can you?
Within one stick of incense.
if you can't "dot the eyes."
don't join the fray.
Master Ip.
don't blame me
for not giving you a chance.
The Golden Lion Breaks the Sky!
Master Hong's rules
are older than this building.
What are you doing here?
Master Ip. you go back first.
The opening of the martial arts school
will be discussed another day.
Goodbye.
Master Hong.
the land for the Zhonghua Building
has been approved
by the Hong Kong government
for my Western boxing gym.
In three days.
would you all please move out?
About the land.
I told you this a long time ago.
The Zhonghua Building is
the root of the martial arts association.
Where will we go if it's torn down?
In the 27th year of the Guangxu reign.
your grandfather borrowed 3.000 taels
from the Hong Kong government.
He mortgaged the Zhonghua Building
and 20 mu of land at the dock.
This debt has been
accruing compound interest.
It's now 30.000 taels.
That promissory note was voided long ago.
The Zhonghua Building
is the ancestral property
of the martial arts association.
What's more.
the authorities personally promised
that it would belong
to the martial arts association forever.
Forever?
Lei Yihu told me
that his mother is in the hospital.
The medical bill is 50 silver dollars.
How much is left
in the martial arts association's account?
Isn't that right. Lei Yihu?
Sign it.
and all debts will be written off.
The Zhonghua Building stays yours.
you remain president
of the martial arts association.
and your disciples will have food to eat.
Refuse to sign.
and you'll be a sinner.
I'll only take the dockland.
In three days.
I want the dock completely empty.
You can leave now.
Master.
are you really not going
to do what the foreigner said?
He said
all they want is Xu Jinsong's dock.
Just nod your head.
and the Zhonghua Building
will still be ours.
Get down on your knees.
There was a famine
in the 25th year of the Republic of China.
It was Xu Jinsong's father
who opened the granaries
and distributed grain.
He saved 30 lives
in the martial arts community.
He said
martial artists and workers
are the roots of the Chinese people.
I've already deeded the dock
to Xu Jinsong.
Now you want me to take it back.
Master.
the martial arts association is
almost out of food.
And my mother needs money
to save her life.
That's enough.
We in the martial arts community kneel
to heaven. to earth. and to our ancestors.
but never to hardship.
Master.
we can't let the rules strangle us.
Right now.
only the foreigners can save us.
They've got plenty of money.
We won't lose out
by cooperating with them!
Foreigners!
That's all you talk about! Foreigners!
You're Chinese!
Their hearts are darker than ink!
Today. they can turn the Zhonghua Building
into a Western mansion.
Tomorrow. they'll turn us Chinese
into their lackeys!
- Master. but my mother...
- Mark my words!
The Zhonghua Building can't be torn down.
the dock can't be sold.
and the workers can't leave.
Otherwise. I'll be committing
a heinous crime!
Yes.
You're right.
A heinous crime?
Watching my mother die
right in front of me
would be the real heinous crime!
Master. this is
our association's account book.
Withdraw all the money from the account.
Sell any valuable items we have.
Let's get Lei Yihu's mother treated first.
GUANGRONG CANAL TRADING COMPANY
I'll take this one.
Slow down.
- There's one more here.
- Xiaoying!
Hurry up and give her a hand!
- Go slowly.
- There's one more crate here.
Director Xu. another group
of refugees has arrived.
YONG'AN WHARF
- Here.
- There's food.
Take it.
- Come on.
- Thank you. sir!
Share among yourselves.
Everyone gets some.
That's all the food we have for today.
But tomorrow. we'll share more.
Director Xu. there are too many refugees.
The grain at the dock
will only last three days.
- What do we do?
- Load it in.
Let's hold on a little longer.
I'll go to the foreign firm later
to plead for help.
There will always be a way.
- Take them to settle down.
- All right.
Let's go. I'll take you inside.
I'll help you.
Master Ip is here.
- Master Ip.
Uncle Zhong.
Brother Ip. is it done?
I've passed the three trials.
There should be no problem.
Of course. there will be no problem!
Definitely no problem.
By the way. Jinsong.
this is my rent and food expenses.
Brother Ip. I understand your situation.
In times like these.
it's not easy for anyone.
You keep the money.
I'll find a place
for your martial arts school.
You don't have to worry about the money.
Yes. we'll help find it.
I'm really sorry to trouble you.
It was all because you protected
my father's goods back in the day
that we have this dock today.
This is great.
From now on. we can
learn martial arts from Master Ip.
Master Ip.
- Master Ip.
- Thank you all very much.
- Dad!
A Zhun.
Make way.
There's this crate too.
Dad.
let's have a competition
to see who can assemble this faster!
Sure.
I went to the grain shop today.
Boss Wang said he can't give us
any more rice on credit.
This afternoon. I mended clothes
for someone and earned two copper coins.
It's enough to buy half a bag of rice.
Here.
Give it to me.
Today. Jinsong
didn't accept our rent.
You can buy some rice tomorrow.
When the martial arts school opens.
everything will get better.
Mom.
the medicine is ready.
Come.
Son.
my illness can't be cured.
Don't waste any more money on it.
Mom.
the doctor already said
your illness will be cured
after the operation.
I'll figure out the money.
Drink the medicine first.
Come on.
Your master is being foolish.
The martial arts association's disciples
are starving to death.
He would rather cling to the old debt
owed to Xu Jinsong's father back then.
staring blankly. than take my check.
I know you're a sensible man.
unlike him.
What do you want me to do?
It's simple.
Hong Zhennan refuses to act.
You help him.
Burn the squatter huts.
and drive the workers away.
He's getting old.
It's time for the younger generation
to step up.
And the new master
of the Zhonghua Building
will be you.
Are you going
to demolish the Zhonghua Building?
No.
I'm going to turn it
into a symbol
of the new martial arts association.
In the future.
all martial arts schools in Hong Kong
will come to pay homage to you. Lei Yihu.
You need this check
more than Hong Zhennan does.
As for the amount.
you can fill in any number you want.
Master Ip. it's me. Uncle Zhong.
Master Ip.
Master Ip. are you asleep yet?
Master Ip!
- Master Ip. it's an emergency!
- Uncle Zhong.
Director Xu was kidnapped.
Who did this?
It was the martial arts gang!
- Are you sure?
- Absolutely sure.
I saw it with my own eyes.
Master Ip. come with me quickly!
A-Man.
Take care.
Got it. Look after A Zhun well.
Let's go.
Master Hong.
Xu Jinsong has been kidnapped.
You gave the go-ahead.
Xu Jinsong has been kidnapped?
I saw it with my own eyes.
That gang was wearing
the martial arts association's uniforms.
They were clearly members
of the martial arts association!
When I do things.
I'm always open and aboveboard.
Why would I do such a despicable thing?
Master!
Master. I just saw Senior Brother
leading some men to the dock.
IRREVOCABLE TRANSFER.
SIGNATURE OF TRANSFEROR
Sign here.
Then these 100 taels are yours.
From now on. in the New Territories.
I'll make sure you never go hungry.
This piece of land
was traded to my father
in exchange for grain back then.
Now. it's the lifeline of all my workers.
There was a famine
in the 25th year of the Republic of China.
Master Hong made a promise.
As long as
the martial arts association exists.
this factory will stand.
Lei Yihu.
who the hell do you think you are?
I invited you here
as a sign of respect.
Lei Yihu!
Don't you dare!
Master!
You came at just the right time.
There's something I need to tell you.
I've raised you for ten years.
You know full well I hate foreigners
more than anything.
Yet. you're acting as their lapdog.
You worthless scoundrel.
I've worked tirelessly
for you for ten years.
What did I get in return?
The vice president position was given
to the Chamber of Commerce president's
son-in-law.
The deputy master position was given
to that man surnamed Zhao.
I can't even get the money
to save my mother's life.
All these years.
have you ever praised me?
Even just once?
Just once?
No.
You didn't!
Have you ever thought about how I feel?
Have you ever considered my feelings?
I've only collaborated
with the foreigners for a few days.
and I can already be
on equal terms with you.
Look.
Look at the martial arts association.
What has it become now?
We can't even afford to eat.
There was a brother who stole bread
from the foreigners yesterday.
and his ribs were broken.
It was I who saved him.
And that Xu Jinsong.
His factory is clearly
in our association's territory.
Pike already said so.
He will give you money. It's not
like he won't pay you. Master.
Why do you always...
And...
Master. Pike said.
as long as you sign this.
all the debts owed by the association
will be written off in one go.
You scoundrel.
You're going
to ruin the martial arts association!
Master.
I'm trying to save
the martial arts association.
Your way doesn't work anymore.
You're getting old.
It's time for the younger generation
to step up.
I'll take over from here.
Wouldn't it be better for you
to enjoy your golden years in peace?
Traitor!
All right.
Today. I'll act on behalf of the Hong Clan
to purge the ranks!
Master Hong.
Hong Zhennan.
you forced me.
Close the doors!
Today.
if you refuse to sign.
no one will walk out of here alive.
Master Ip.
I'll deal with this brat.
You take the chance to save Director Xu.
All right.
Master Hong. be careful.
Attack!
You guys attack.
Are you okay?
I'm fine.
You attack.
Brother Hong.
- Move over.
- Go.
- Let's go.
- Stand still.
Behave!
Behave.
Master Ip.
- Are you okay?
- I heard some news.
Someone is looking to stir up trouble.
Madam Mei.
I'm just here with Master
to reminisce about the past.
There is no harm in that. right?
Police.
Drop your weapons.
Do you know who is backing me?
Can you afford to mess with me?
What?
Believe it or not. I'll kill you right now.
You'll die for nothing.
Come on.
Harmony brings prosperity.
No need to be so serious. madam.
Don't move.
Lei Yihu.
I'm pressing charges
against you for illegal detention
and intentional assault.
Take him away.
Yes. madam.
- Go.
- Hurry up.
Director Xu.
Master Hong.
are you all right?
Thank you. officer.
Master Ip.
put down your weapon.
Right.
Come back to the station with me.
Officer Mei.
this is an internal matter
of the Hong Clan.
It has nothing to do with Master Ip.
- Do you think...
- Master Hong.
I'm just doing my duty.
Would you prefer...
I ask you to come voluntarily.
or should I escort you?
KOWLOON POLICE STATION. HONG KONG
They're coming out.
Master Ip is coming out.
- Master Ip.
Master Ip.
He's fine.
Are you okay?
- Master Hong. you've suffered.
- Master Hong.
- I'm glad you're fine.
- Brother Ip.
Thanks to Officer Mei's sharp insight.
your names were cleared.
I'm out.
- Brother Hu.
- Master Hong.
Xu Jinsong.
you got lucky last night.
That dock will be mine sooner or later.
Just wait for your demise.
And
that seat at the martial arts association.
Sooner or later. it'll be mine. Lei Yihu's.
There'll come a time when you beg me.
Brother Hu. the welcome feast is ready.
Drive.
Let's go.
Stop looking.
The order to release him
was directly issued
by the governor's office.
Pike's men
can't be touched.
Can't be touched?
The blood in the warehouse
and Director Xu's injuries.
Didn't they do all of it?
It's just because
there are foreigners backing them.
Brother Ip.
sorry for this humiliating fiasco.
No.
I must thank you for getting us
out of that predicament today.
Since you were willing to lend a hand
and help me save Director Xu.
I should be the one saying thank you.
It's a shame.
During the lion dance eye-dotting trial.
I deliberately made things
difficult for you.
Martial arts in Hong Kong are struggling.
One more martial arts school means
one less bowl of rice for the others.
I hope you can understand.
Master Hong. I completely understand.
Regarding opening
your martial arts school.
I call the shots.
In three days' time.
we'll hold a banquet
at the Zhonghua Building.
The masters from all the schools
will be there as witnesses!
- All right.
- All right!
- The martial arts school will open!
- At last!
That's just how things are in Hong Kong.
Last month. Old Li. one of our inspectors.
arrested one of Pike's bodyguards.
What happened then?
Three days later.
he was transferred
to guard the garbage dump.
You're the first Chinese
female police officer.
You mustn't mess this up.
I didn't become a police officer
to kowtow to foreigners.
Let me ask you.
Have you ever considered this?
There are people in this police station
who don't want you to pursue this case.
It's not just about the connections
behind the case.
It's also because
you are a woman.
They think
women shouldn't be police officers
and are better off
staying home with their kids.
That does sound harsh.
but that's your real opponent.
As for Lei Yihu.
I'll be waiting for him
to break the law again.
I'll keep a close eye on him.
no matter what.
Of course.
I also want to show them
that women can
not only be police officers.
but they can also be tougher
and more honorable at it than they are.
You.
Hello.
Hello?
It's Pike's lawyer.
He said he's going
to file a complaint against us tomorrow
for illegal detention.
Really?
Let him come.
I will see this through to the end.
Women never give up.
Divide up this area.
and in ten years.
it will become
the Oxford Street of the East.
Cheers!
Yes!
That move by Mr. Pike
was brilliant and ruthless.
It's time for London's business map
to move a little eastward.
Yes!
- Bloody right!
- Pike.
Excuse me. gentlemen.
Look at this.
How is it going?
Hong Zhennan is protecting Xu Jinsong now.
and even Ip Man has gotten involved.
Why not
use witnesses
from the martial arts association?
Kill Hong Zhennan
and pin it on Ip Man.
Two birds with one stone.
Let the fire at the dock
burn even brighter.
A-Man.
Why don't we go back to Foshan?
Director Xu was taken.
I...
Couldn't leave him to die.
I just want our whole family
to be safe and sound.
Master!
Who is it?
Officer Mei.
- What's this about?
- Master Ip.
Master Hong is dead.
Someone saw it with their own eyes.
You're the one who killed him.
Please come with me
to cooperate with the investigation.
Take him away.
You...
Everybody. be careful.
Director Xu!
Director Xu. it's an emergency!
Director Xu.
Mrs. Ip. why are you here?
A-Man has been arrested.
Master Ip.
will you find your own lawyer.
or shall the police station assign one?
I didn't kill anyone.
Mrs. Hong saw it with her own eyes.
Master Ip?
The killer was wearing a long black gown
and holding a butterfly sword.
I checked the crime scene carefully.
The murder weapon
is exactly the butterfly sword you use.
We had no grudge against each other.
Why would I?
I believe in you.
But the evidence doesn't.
If I were the killer.
would I be so stupid
as to leave the murder weapon
at the crime scene?
Someone must have set me up.
Madam. do you believe in evidence
or justice?
Master Ip.
I'm a police officer.
I only trust evidence.
It's him.
That's him!
Mrs. Hong.
are you sure you saw his face clearly?
Sort of...
No.
Sir. I keep thinking
there is something more to this case.
I saw Ip Man protecting Master Hong.
They didn't seem
to have a deep-seated grudge.
But...
Sir.
take another look at this crime scene.
I just think this case
was solved too smoothly.
From Mrs. Hong testifying against Ip Man
to this butterfly sword
that was left at the scene.
every piece of evidence seems
to be Ip Man saying.
"I was the one who killed him.
Come arrest me."
What's your deduction?
Mrs. Hong
didn't get a clear look at the killer's face.
Of course. Ip Man is definitely a suspect.
But.
we can't rule out
that someone deliberately framed him.
Keep investigating.
Now the higher-ups are
paying close attention to this case.
We must not wrong Ip Man.
and even more so.
we must not let the killer get away.
Yes. sir.
- An eye for an eye!
- A life for a life!
- Mrs. Ip.
- Upstairs.
- She's the murderer's wife!
- A life for a life!
- Back up!
Sir. we'll only be inside for a minute.
Please. do us a favor. won't you?
Officer. could you make an exception?
Let us go in!
Come back in half an hour.
Here. Please make an exception.
It's no use sending you in now.
Someone's already visiting inside.
Someone is visiting?
Master Ip.
Lei Yihu.
What are you doing here?
I came to see you. Master Ip.
Master Hong.
Did you kill Master Hong?
You killed Master Hong!
That's right.
I killed him.
But Hong Kong abides by the law now.
Without evidence. that's slander.
Bastard!
Look at you now.
You can't even save yourself.
Beg me.
As long as you beg me.
I'll get the foreigners to set you free.
Not only will I let you
open a martial arts school.
but I'll also give you
a lot of money and women.
Master Ip.
I'd rather rot in jail
than associate with scum like you.
Master Ip.
do you not care
about your wife and son anymore?
I heard your son
really likes the wooden dummy.
Don't you dare!
What wouldn't I dare?
Ip Man.
I gave you a chance.
Lei Yihu!
Time to go.
Director Xu!
What's wrong?
- Hurry back and check on things.
- What's happening?
Someone is causing trouble at the dock.
- Mrs. Ip.
- Hurry.
- Let's go.
Sir.
Sir. what's going on?
Go about your own business.
You don't have to do anything.
Just pretend you didn't see it.
God said.
"He who is not with me is against me."
Someone wants you dead.
Master Ip.
Attack.
Sir. how much do they pay you
for this job?
You can get this much money
in exchange for Ip Man's life.
You'll make a killing.
All you have to do is write in the report
that Ip Man died in the riot.
You don't have to worry
about anything else.
Goodness! There's a fire!
Fire!
Put out the fire!
Hurry! Put out the fire!
- Stop!
- Freeze!
- Don't move!
- Drop your weapon! Now!
- You! Back up!
- Back up!
Did you hear me? Step back!
Master Ip. are you all right?
I'm okay.
Take him to the infirmary.
Yes.
Escort them back to their cells!
So much money.
I could never earn this much
in my whole life.
This money
can buy so many nice things.
But
it can't buy the lives
of the Chinese people.
I'm a policeman.
Not a dog!
Okay?
Get out.
I think the position
of Chinese Chief Inspector
is due for a change.
A-Man.
I was so worried about you.
- How are you?
- I'm fine.
Sir.
are the higher-ups really going
to transfer Ip Man to Kennedy Prison?
That's so fast.
I guess it makes sense.
Pike dared to kill so openly.
He must have come prepared.
I'm afraid
the odds are against Ip Man.
The only thing
we can do now to keep him alive
is to exonerate him.
Any new leads?
But the case is already clear.
Ip Man stopped Pike
from demolishing the dock factory.
and Pike is taking revenge.
Can we investigate Pike?
Investigate Pike?
Do you have any evidence?
Besides. he's an honored guest
of the governor's office.
And the British are backing him.
We can't investigate him
or Lei Yihu.
So do we just stand by
watching him twist the truth
and kill innocent people at will?
We need to understand our situation now.
I suggest you take a temporary leave
and stay out of this investigation.
Otherwise. you won't
be able to protect yourself.
Having put on this police uniform.
I don't seek to save my own skin.
A policeman's mission
is to speak up for those who were wronged
and fight for justice for the innocent.
We need to show them through our actions
that justice will surely prevail.
If I were afraid of death.
I would never have put on this uniform.
The dock is gone.
Isn't that as good as cutting off
our means of living?
What right do foreigners have
to burn down our factories?
Exactly! No one is doing
anything about it!
Can't even the rule of law rein them in?
The rule of law?
The government is waiting
for Pike's money for the election.
Why would they care
about the lives of ordinary people?
Better to fight
than to suffer in cowardice!
Let's fight them!
- Yes. fight them!
- I'll risk my life for it!
- Fight them!
Director Xu. say something!
The foreigners have too much power.
Aren't you scared?
What do we have to fear?
Going to jail is better
than starving to death.
Even if we can't get the factory back.
we still need to seek justice!
Yes. seek justice!
- Yes. seek justice!
- Seek justice!
Director Xu.
why aren't you saying anything?
That's right. Director Xu!
I believe heaven never abandons people.
As long as we unite as one.
there will always be a way.
We can't let others bully us arbitrarily!
Right! We can't let others
bully us arbitrarily!
- Fight them!
Give us back our factory!
- Give us back our factory!
Abolish injustice!
- Abolish injustice!
Punish the gangsters!
- Punish the gangsters!
Give us back our factory!
- Give us back our factory!
- Abolish injustice!
Hurry up and drive them away.
- Punish the gangsters!
- Give us back our factory!
Abolish injustice!
- Abolish injustice!
Punish the gangsters!
- Punish the gangsters!
- Give us back our factory!
Abolish injustice!
- What are you yelling about?
- Abolish injustice!
Xu Jinsong.
I think you must be tired of living.
This is the man.
His name is Lei Yihu.
He colluded with gangsters.
burned our dock.
and tried to seize our land!
This is the man!
- That's him.
- Lapdog!
- That's him!
Is this true?
Come on.
Get a clear shot!
I would like to see who is tired of living.
Snatch that camera from him!
- Give it to me!
- What are you doing?
And what are you all fussing about?
Tell me what is happening here.
Mr. Pike.
some people say
you're colluding with gangsters.
seizing the dock. and assaulting citizens.
What's this about?
That's nonsense.
Then how do you explain
the gangsters who just ran away?
Gangsters? What gangsters?
Foreign devil.
stop pretending.
You're the one who ordered it.
You told Lei Yihu to burn our dock.
framed Master Ip. and put him in prison.
Release him at once!
Give us back our dock!
- Give us back our dock!
I don't know what you're talking about.
If you have any questions.
contact my lawyer. Okay?
Don't go!
- Don't go!
- Don't go!.
- Release Master Ip!
Hurry! Keep up!
Move faster!
Quickly!
Master Ip.
the dock factory is gone.
I'm sorry.
I couldn't help you.
It must have been Lei Yihu again.
He killed Master Hong too.
He killed Master Hong?
Mr. Pike.
Don't worry.
I'll take care of all those journalists.
I guarantee that tomorrow.
there won't be a word
about this in the newspapers.
Lord.
please forgive me.
I'm about to take a life.
It's what I have to do.
Amen.
Lei Yihu.
Go on your way.
Go.
God bless us.
Why did you let him get away?
Why didn't you kill him?
You only paid enough to kill Ip Man.
To kill him.
you have to pay more.
Fuck you.
KENNEDY PRISON. HONG KONG
Get out!
- Hurry up!
- Hurry!
Hurry!
Master Ip.
Mei Lihua asked me to look out for you.
As long as you behave.
I won't give you a hard time.
Let's go.
A Zhun.
make a wish.
- Happy birthday!
A Zhun. what wish did you make?
I wish that Dad would come back soon
to celebrate my birthday with me.
A Zhun.
your dad isn't here right now.
Why don't I celebrate with you?
Uncle Xu. when it's my birthday.
can I have cake too?
Of course.
You'll all get some.
Uncle Xu. I'm hungry.
Can we eat the cake now?
Sure.
Kids eat first.
Here you go. Xiaomin.
Go out and play.
- Slow down.
- Slow down. you guys.
- Come and catch me!
- I'll get you!
I'll get you!
Mrs. Ip.
I'm the one who got Brother Ip involved.
But don't worry.
As long as I'm still breathing.
I'll definitely get him out.
Come on!
Wait.
It looks like someone is missing.
A Zhun is gone!
A Zhun!
A Zhun.
A Zhun is missing.
Just five minutes.
Thank you.
Brother Ip. how is your injury?
I'm okay. It's much better.
You came so late at night.
What's the matter?
Brother Ip.
I'm sorry.
A Zhun...
A Zhun is missing.
A Zhun.
Ip Man.
Brother Ip. you...
We still haven't found him.
Yongcheng.
Don't worry.
We will definitely find A Zhun.
Master Ip.
I've been looking for you for a long time.
Jinsong!
Director Xu!
A-Man!
Hurry and take Director Xu
to the hospital.
Go!
Director Xu.
Director Xu!
Somebody. please come!
Is anyone here?
Director Xu!
Somebody. please!
What if something happens to Director Xu?
Uncle Zhong.
Director Xu will be fine.
Dad!
Mom!
A Zhun!
- Where have you been?
- A Zhun.
You scared me half to death.
I was scared to death.
Master Ip.
Lei Yihu has been caught.
Lei Yihu. you won't get away.
It's easy to catch me.
but only I have
evidence against Pike.
Why should I trust you?
A Zhun?
As long as you don't arrest me.
I'll give you
both the evidence and the kid.
These are enough to lock him up for life.
FILING ENVELOPE
In here
is all the evidence against Pike.
OPERATING ROOM
- Doctor. how is he?
- How did it go?
I know everyone is having a hard time.
There's no rice left in the rice jar.
The children at home
are crying for their parents
because they're hungry.
But what I want to say today is.
as long as we're willing to work.
there's always hope!
Hope that one day.
every worker will have enough to eat.
That everyone
no longer has to worry
about making a living
and no longer has to worry
about the future.
We don't live for anyone else.
We live for ourselves
and for our families.
For one day in the future
when we meet our ancestors.
we'll have a good explanation
to give them.
- Director Xu!
Uncle Xu!
Officer Mei. can this evidence
bring Pike to justice?
The law...
will deal him a severe sentence.
A severe sentence?
Before Xu Jinsong died.
he only wanted this group of workers
to have a full meal.
Now that he's dead.
Pike will only get a severe sentence?
We used to be bullied by the Japanese.
And now.
we're bullied by foreigners again.
When will these days
come to an end?
Master Ip.
we have nothing to lose.
We'll trade our lives for Pike's!
- We'll trade our lives for Pike's!
Uncle Xu!
Jinsong.
you said you wanted
to see the Chinese free from bullying.
I'll see it for you.
but not by waiting.
By fighting for it!
The justice that the law can't give.
I'll take with my fists!
ZHONGHUA BUILDING
"He who knows the times is a wise man."
If Master Hong had understood this truth.
he wouldn't have ended up like this.
Isn't that right. Master Zhao?
Sign it.
This is the only way out
for the martial arts association.
TRANSFER CONTRACT
- Don't sign it. Master Zhao!
- Don't sign it!
- You really can't sign it!
If you're worried about not having work.
you can come here to clean.
- Clean?
- You can also practice boxing.
Damn foreign devil!
Western boxing is real martial arts!
Stop!
Master Hong is gone.
The martial arts association
has become what it is now.
I never wanted
the martial arts association
to fall apart like this in my hands.
Good.
- You can't sign it!
Don't sign it!
- Master Zhao!
- Don't sign it!
You really can't sign it. Master Zhao!
Master Zhao.
- Master Ip.
Ip Man?
You're not dead!
No thanks to you.
Master Zhao. have you
really made up your mind?
Master Ip. endure for a moment.
and all will be calm.
Take a step back.
and there will be a boundless sky.
Endure? How long can we endure?
Endure until our families are destroyed?
Master Zhao.
fairness isn't earned by enduring.
For those who practice martial arts.
when it's time to raise our fists.
we must raise them.
Fists?
Do fists even work?
At least.
our fists can feed us.
If the world is unfair.
fists are justice!
That's right. What Master Ip said is right.
If the world is unfair. fists are justice!
- Fists are justice!
Pike.
you failed to take over the dock.
and now you're here
to take over the Zhonghua Building.
Don't talk about a mere dock.
The entirety of Hong Kong
belongs to the British Empire.
I can demolish whatever I want.
wherever I want!
Did your British government
tell you to kill. set fires.
and oppress the people?
I don't know what you're talking about.
You failed to seize the dock.
so you told Lei Yihu to kill Master Hong
and frame me for it!
Afraid I would expose your secrets.
you sent Golden Leopard
to silence me several times.
Not only that.
you set fire to the squatter huts
and killed Director Xu!
Now. I'm here
to demand justice for the dead!
What do you think justice is?
I'll tell you.
The winner is justice.
Okay?
You also say that fists are justice.
Don't say I didn't give you a chance.
Whoever can defeat our Western boxers
can take this land deed.
James!
Come in!
So it's all right?
Just do whatever you have to do.
Who's first?
Master Ip.
I'll go first.
- Master Zhao.
- Don't worry.
Hey.
Who are you?
Wing Chun.
Ip Man.
Your Chinese kung fu
is nothing more than this.
- Master Ip!
Ip Man.
is this your limit?
The justice you defend
is just a joke in the face of power!
- Master Ip.
- Master Ip. get up.
- Master Ip!
- Hurry up and get up!
- We're counting on you!
- Stand up.
- Master Ip. stand up quickly!
- Master Ip!
- Master Ip. get up quickly!
- Avenge Director Xu!
- We believe in you. Master Ip!
- Master Ip!
- Stand up!
You can do it!
Okay.
Let's do one more round.
Master Ip won!
- Master Ip won!
Tomorrow morning's newspaper headlines
will read.
"Ip Man led the way in trespassing
on British-owned territory."
The British side had
no choice but to fight back.
"Ip Man was killed."
- Master Ip!
Are you all not afraid of death?
The Chinese are not afraid of death!
- That's right!
- The Chinese are not afraid of death!
Okay.
I'd like to see who dares to shoot!
Mr. Pike.
are you okay?
You've come just in time.
Hurry and arrest this escaped prisoner.
Take him away!
- Yes. sir.
No.
You've got the wrong person.
It's not me. It's him!
Pike.
we now suspect your involvement
in multiple cases of illegal demolition.
death as a result of violence.
and bribery of officials.
Please cooperate with our investigation.
Take him away!
You have no right to arrest me.
I want to see the governor.
The governor?
Look closely.
This is an arrest warrant
personally signed by him.
Moreover. Lei Yihu has already
confessed everything.
If you surrender now.
you can still strive
for a reduced sentence.
If you continue to resist.
your fate will only be worse.
Take him away!
Let's go.
- I won't let you get away with this.
- You have no right to arrest me!
You'll regret this!
You...
Master Hong's real murderer
has been brought to justice!
The foreign businessman
got his just deserts!
Master Hong's real murderer
has been brought to justice!
The foreign businessman
got his just deserts!
Master Hong's real murderer
has been brought to justice!
The foreign businessman
got his just deserts!
Master Ip is here!
- Welcome. Master Ip!
Thank you. everyone.
Master Ip. we've discussed it.
The position of association leader is
meant for you and no one else.
- Yes! It's meant for you!
How am I worthy of
such an important responsibility?
Master Ip. please stop being modest.
This time. the Zhonghua Building was able
to be brought back from the brink.
It's all thanks to you for stepping forward.
We are truly convinced
from the bottom of our hearts.
Isn't that right?
- Yes!
- We're convinced!
We will need your guidance
so they will learn the rules.
uphold martial virtues.
and not go astray like Lei Yihu.
Master Ip. please stop declining.
- Master Ip. don't decline anymore!
All right.
I agree.
All right!
- Bring out the lions!
Please. Please.
Master. please dot the lion's eyes!
Not again!
This time. it isn't a test.
We are sincerely inviting you
to dot the eyes of the Golden Lions
to awaken their roar!
- Please!
- All right.
Martial arts embody seven virtues.
Let's inscribe
the Seven Precepts of Martial Virtue.
First. prohibit violence
and restrain warfare.
Second. safeguard the greater good
and secure achievements.
Third. calm the people
and unite the masses.
Fourth. uphold fairness and impartiality.
- Great!
- Wonderful!
Fairness and impartiality!
- Excellent! Well said!
- Excellent!
- Good!
- Splendid!
- Congratulations!
Thank you all.
- Congratulations. Master Ip.
- Thank you.
Uncle Ip. I want to learn martial arts too.
You said we should
protect our loved ones with our fists.
Then you must be willing
to endure hardship.
We're not afraid of hardship!
Mom says only through hardship
comes sweetness.
- Good!
- Congratulations!
- Congratulations. Master Ip.
- Please take your seat. Master.
- Congratulations!
- We want to learn martial arts too!
- Please.
- Raise the lions.
Master Zhao. please take a seat.
Please be seated.
- Bravo!
- Wonderful!
Good!
Bravo!
Look at this one.
Come. pet it for good luck.
It's wonderful.
Nice!
- Brilliant!
- Excellent!
Great!
"The new leader inherits the seal
to promote martial arts!
The majestic lion offers blessings
to celebrate the virtuous hero!"
ZHONGHUA BUILDING
Press play. Subtitles appear.
200+ languages. One app:  tryray.app